README.md, before:

# My Portfolio

Welcome to my GitHub Project portfolio! Here you'll find a collection of projects that showcase my skills and experience as a DevOps Engineer. These projects span various technologies and tools, including AWS, Terraform, Packer, Jenkins, Vue.js, and Python.

## Projects

### 1. AWS Terraform Builds
In this project you can find out, how to provision and manage infrastructure using Terraform with AWS as the provider.

- **Folder:** [Terraform](https://github.com/brenneran/Projects/tree/main/Terraform/Jama)
- **Key Features:**
  - Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using Terraform.
  - Automated provisioning of AWS resources like: RDS Database, EC2 Instance, SG's, and etc.,
  - Scalable and maintainable infrastructure configurations.

### 2. Packer Builds
In this project, I use Packer to create automated machine images for Linux and Windows AMI's Jenkins agents.

- **Folder:** [Packer](https://github.com/brenneran/Projects/tree/main/Packer)
- **Key Features:**
  - Automated AMI image creation with Packer
  - Integration with various cloud providers
  - Working with PowerShell, Bash, Groovy scripting.

### 3. Jenkins Pipelines
This repository contains Jenkins pipeline scripts for CI/CD processes for automation and continuous delivery.

- **Folder:** [Jenkins](https://github.com/brenneran/Projects/tree/main/Jenkins)
- **Key Features:**
  - Automated build to upload files to s3 with md5 hash validation, with different credentials and regions.
  - Error handling and retry mechanisms for robustness.
  - Retry logic and reports.

### 4. Vue.js Framework Work
A project where I worked with the Vue.js framework to build an application for components.

- **Folder:** [Vue.js](https://github.com/brenneran/Projects/tree/main/Vuetify)
- **Key Features:**
  - Modern front-end development with Vue.js
  - Dashboard for component versions system using Swagger API.
  - 

### 5. Python Projects
A collection of Python projects that highlight my programming skills and ability to solve complex problems.

- **Folder:** [Python Pension Calculator](https://github.com/brenneran/Projects/tree/main/Python/Invest%20Pension%20Calculator)
- **Key Features:**
  - Pension calculator that can help calculate the saving plans.
  - Using Flask framework to access as a website.
  - Style CSS and HTML was used in this project.

## Contact

Feel free to reach out to me via [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/brenneran/) or [email](mailto:andrey@brenner.space).

Thank you for visiting my portfolio!

Commit message:

added some changes to readme.md for bash scripts

README.md, after:

# My Portfolio

Welcome to my GitHub Project portfolio! Here you'll find a collection of projects that showcase my skills and experience as a DevOps Engineer. These projects span various technologies and tools, including AWS, Terraform, Packer, Jenkins, Vue.js, and Python.

## Projects

### 1. AWS Terraform Builds
In this project you can find out, how to provision and manage infrastructure using Terraform with AWS as the provider.

- **Folder:** [Terraform](https://github.com/brenneran/Projects/tree/main/Terraform/Jama)
- **Key Features:**
  - Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using Terraform.
  - Automated provisioning of AWS resources like: RDS Database, EC2 Instance, SG's, and etc.,
  - Scalable and maintainable infrastructure configurations.

### 2. Packer Builds
In this project, I use Packer to create automated machine images for Linux and Windows AMI's Jenkins agents.

- **Folder:** [Packer](https://github.com/brenneran/Projects/tree/main/Packer)
- **Key Features:**
  - Automated AMI image creation with Packer
  - Integration with various cloud providers
  - Working with PowerShell, Bash, Groovy scripting.

### 3. Jenkins Pipelines
This repository contains Jenkins pipeline scripts for CI/CD processes for automation and continuous delivery.

- **Folder:** [Jenkins](https://github.com/brenneran/Projects/tree/main/Jenkins)
- **Key Features:**
  - Automated build to upload files to s3 with md5 hash validation, with different credentials and regions.
  - Error handling and retry mechanisms for robustness.
  - Retry logic and reports.

### 4. Vue.js Framework Work
A project where I worked with the Vue.js framework to build an application for components.

- **Folder:** [Vue.js](https://github.com/brenneran/Projects/tree/main/Vuetify)
- **Key Features:**
  - Modern front-end development with Vue.js
  - Dashboard for component versions system using Swagger API.

### 5. Bash script for automating
Bash script created for automate some tasks

- **Folder:** [Vue.js](https://github.com/brenneran/Projects/tree/main/Bash)
- **Key Features:**
  - Automating process for some AWS tasks

### 6. Python Projects
A collection of Python projects that highlight my programming skills and ability to solve complex problems.

- **Folder:** [Python Pension Calculator](https://github.com/brenneran/Projects/tree/main/Python/Invest%20Pension%20Calculator)
- **Key Features:**
  - Pension calculator that can help calculate the saving plans.
  - Using Flask framework to access as a website.
  - Style CSS and HTML was used in this project.

## Contact

Feel free to reach out to me via [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/brenneran/) or [email](mailto:0528805229m@gmail.com).

Thank you for visiting my portfolio!
